
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.104038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1104038330000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1104038330000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  80920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   104171                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1450259542                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 402880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   761.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61602211                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      79302243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     48758784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           410368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4366772                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           405824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5250416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             59194084                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       410368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       405824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          816192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7294544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6094848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             82064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6257998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        44164032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              371697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3955272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              367581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4755646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                53615968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         371697                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         367581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             739279                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3865083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              15398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2726666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6607147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3865083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       44164032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             371697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3970670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             367581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7482313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               60223116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6257998                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.physmem.writeReqs                       823511                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.physmem.readBursts                     6257998                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.physmem.writeBursts                     823511                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.physmem.bytesRead                    400511872                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52704704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               59194084                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7294544                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     4191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              12574                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                391107                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                391051                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                391031                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                390511                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                391821                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                391470                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                391242                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                390250                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                391441                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                391418                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               390570                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               389084                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               390982                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               390746                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               391146                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               389937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  7175                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  7210                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  7320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  7294                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  7815                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7419                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7389                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  7204                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7511                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  7529                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 6860                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6626                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 6832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7294                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 7205                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1104037196000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     105                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6094848                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  163045                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66675                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    510579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    438231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    410611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1497375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1129368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1114937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1085131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     10318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      7846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     12945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    17928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    12334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      5005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     5037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    11560.822642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     608.575977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   24356.197009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-79           8749     24.81%     24.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-143         4356     12.35%     37.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-207         2652      7.52%     44.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-271         2010      5.70%     50.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-335         1437      4.08%     54.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-399         1214      3.44%     57.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-463          927      2.63%     60.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-527         1120      3.18%     63.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-591          659      1.87%     65.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-655          617      1.75%     67.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-719          450      1.28%     68.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-783          454      1.29%     69.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-847          302      0.86%     70.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-911          302      0.86%     71.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-975          179      0.51%     72.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1039          219      0.62%     72.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1103          133      0.38%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1167          156      0.44%     73.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1231           97      0.28%     73.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1295          134      0.38%     74.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1359           73      0.21%     74.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1423          395      1.12%     75.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1487          262      0.74%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1551          538      1.53%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1615          109      0.31%     78.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1679          178      0.50%     78.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1743           51      0.14%     78.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1807          128      0.36%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1871           49      0.14%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1935           68      0.19%     79.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1999           39      0.11%     79.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2063           74      0.21%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2127           17      0.05%     79.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2191           56      0.16%     79.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2255           22      0.06%     80.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2319           30      0.09%     80.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2383           13      0.04%     80.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2447           29      0.08%     80.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2511           10      0.03%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2575           19      0.05%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2639            9      0.03%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2703           17      0.05%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2767            7      0.02%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2831           14      0.04%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2895            6      0.02%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2959           10      0.03%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3023            4      0.01%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3087           17      0.05%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3151            3      0.01%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3215           15      0.04%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3279            4      0.01%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3343            7      0.02%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3407            9      0.03%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3471           11      0.03%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3535            3      0.01%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3599            7      0.02%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3663            3      0.01%     80.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3727           11      0.03%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3791            3      0.01%     80.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3855            4      0.01%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3919            5      0.01%     80.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3983           13      0.04%     80.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4047            3      0.01%     80.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4111           28      0.08%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4175            4      0.01%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4239            7      0.02%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4303            4      0.01%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4367            3      0.01%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4431            1      0.00%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4495            6      0.02%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4559            4      0.01%     81.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4623            2      0.01%     81.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4687            1      0.00%     81.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4751            1      0.00%     81.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4815            6      0.02%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4879            4      0.01%     81.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4943            5      0.01%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5007            3      0.01%     81.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5135            4      0.01%     81.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5199            4      0.01%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5263            2      0.01%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5327            1      0.00%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5391            5      0.01%     81.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5455            1      0.00%     81.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5519            1      0.00%     81.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5583            4      0.01%     81.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5647            3      0.01%     81.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5711            1      0.00%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5775            4      0.01%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5839            1      0.00%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5903            2      0.01%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6031            2      0.01%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6095            1      0.00%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6159            2      0.01%     81.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6223            3      0.01%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6287            2      0.01%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6351            3      0.01%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6415            1      0.00%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6479            3      0.01%     81.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6543            1      0.00%     81.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6671            2      0.01%     81.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6735            2      0.01%     81.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6799           16      0.05%     81.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6863            3      0.01%     81.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6927            5      0.01%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6991            3      0.01%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7055            1      0.00%     81.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7183            8      0.02%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7247            1      0.00%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7311            1      0.00%     81.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7439            3      0.01%     81.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7567            5      0.01%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7631            2      0.01%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7695            3      0.01%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7759            2      0.01%     81.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7823            1      0.00%     81.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7887            4      0.01%     81.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7951            6      0.02%     81.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8015            1      0.00%     81.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8079            7      0.02%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8143            5      0.01%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8207          318      0.90%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8399            1      0.00%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8463           41      0.12%     82.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8527          122      0.35%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8591            8      0.02%     82.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8719            1      0.00%     82.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8783            3      0.01%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9231            3      0.01%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9487            1      0.00%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9743            2      0.01%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9999            1      0.00%     82.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10255            2      0.01%     82.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10767            2      0.01%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11023            1      0.00%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11279            2      0.01%     82.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11535            2      0.01%     82.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12047            2      0.01%     82.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12303            1      0.00%     82.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12736-12751            1      0.00%     82.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13071            1      0.00%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13583            1      0.00%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13839            1      0.00%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14351            1      0.00%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14607            1      0.00%     82.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15375            2      0.01%     82.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15631            1      0.00%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16399            2      0.01%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16512-16527            1      0.00%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17423            3      0.01%     82.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17679            1      0.00%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17935            1      0.00%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18447            1      0.00%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18880-18895            1      0.00%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19136-19151            1      0.00%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19215            1      0.00%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19727            1      0.00%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19904-19919            1      0.00%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20239            1      0.00%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20495            2      0.01%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20928-20943            1      0.00%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-21007            2      0.01%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21312-21327            1      0.00%     83.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21519            2      0.01%     83.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22031            1      0.00%     83.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22543            3      0.01%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23567            1      0.00%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23823            1      0.00%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24128-24143            1      0.00%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24591            4      0.01%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24847            1      0.00%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25024-25039            1      0.00%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25103            1      0.00%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25359            1      0.00%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26304-26319            1      0.00%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26383            1      0.00%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26639            1      0.00%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26688-26703            1      0.00%     83.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27200-27215            1      0.00%     83.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27407            1      0.00%     83.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27663            2      0.01%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27968-27983            1      0.00%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28096-28111            1      0.00%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28687            3      0.01%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29455            1      0.00%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29711            1      0.00%     83.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29967            3      0.01%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30400-30415            1      0.00%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30479            1      0.00%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30735            1      0.00%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31247            2      0.01%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31759            3      0.01%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32015            1      0.00%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32271            1      0.00%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32527            1      0.00%     83.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32640-32655            1      0.00%     83.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32783            2      0.01%     83.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32896-32911            1      0.00%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33039            1      0.00%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33295            1      0.00%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33551            9      0.03%     83.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33600-33615            9      0.03%     83.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33664-33679            3      0.01%     83.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33728-33743            3      0.01%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33807           23      0.07%     83.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36879            1      0.00%     83.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37568-37583            1      0.00%     83.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37903            2      0.01%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39232-39247            1      0.00%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39695            1      0.00%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42767            1      0.00%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43535            1      0.00%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44224-44239            1      0.00%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44559            1      0.00%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45583            1      0.00%     83.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46400-46415            1      0.00%     83.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46863            1      0.00%     83.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47119            1      0.00%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47232-47247            1      0.00%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47296-47311            1      0.00%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47424-47439            1      0.00%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47887            1      0.00%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48143            2      0.01%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48320-48335            2      0.01%     83.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49039            1      0.00%     83.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49600-49615            1      0.00%     83.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49920-49935            1      0.00%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52864-52879            1      0.00%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::53504-53519            1      0.00%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54272-54287            1      0.00%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54464-54479            1      0.00%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::54784-54799            1      0.00%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58368-58383            1      0.00%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::60160-60175            1      0.00%     83.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::60672-60687            1      0.00%     83.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::60928-60943            1      0.00%     83.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64512-64527            1      0.00%     83.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65024-65039           10      0.03%     83.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65408-65423            6      0.02%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65551         5666     16.07%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::68672-68687            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::69120-69135            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::72128-72143            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::73088-73103            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::73920-73935           20      0.06%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::73984-73999           91      0.26%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::74048-74063           61      0.17%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::74112-74127            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   121597245250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              160506894000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  31269035000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7640613750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19443.72                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1221.75                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25665.47                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         362.77                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          47.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  53.62                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.61                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.74                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6235456                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     98940                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  12.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       155904.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     62410733                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7306749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7306749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             767894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            767894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            33869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          17715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           12574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            138085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1971187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4366211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               16555907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2389789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17729844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     20145057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            68903841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               68903841                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1475612500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy              750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy          8618805999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4854602214                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        13760099489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    72758                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                53808.125296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1836602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   137939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.314596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   39514.415699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     4.446892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.257540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4002.916228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2827.365052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     9.413975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.918976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3679.171285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3769.219649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.602942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.061080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.056140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.057514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.821047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        21860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             386435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         4932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             588366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             198248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1401466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          581263                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               581263                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1335                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             743                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2078                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           202                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            58639                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               106953                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         21860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              386435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              214823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          4932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              588366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              256887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1508419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        21860                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             386435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             214823                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30879                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         4932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             588366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             256887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1508419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3782                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8922                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          424                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          77006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140298                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             83250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            83250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       956500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       219500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    459403500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    469850249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1252250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    486933250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    475323500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1894027999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8999593                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12092485                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     21092078                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       513478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3097867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3611345                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4257399342                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5547277314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9804676656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       956500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       219500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    459403500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4727249591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1252250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    486933250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6022600814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11698704655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       956500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       219500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    459403500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4727249591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1252250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    486933250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6022600814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11698704655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         392730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         172890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         4933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         594674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         204492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1426724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       581263                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           581263                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6475                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4525                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          835                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          565                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1400                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111606                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135645                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247251                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          392730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          284496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         4933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          594674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          340137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1673975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         392730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         284496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         4933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         594674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         340137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1673975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.793822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.835801                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.811091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758084                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.750442                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.755000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567102                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.567431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.016029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.244900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.244754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.098900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.244900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.244754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.098900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79708.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 73166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72979.110405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73632.698480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 89446.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77192.969245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76124.839846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74987.251524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1750.893580                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3197.378371                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2364.052679                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   811.181675                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7306.290094                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3416.598865                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67265.994786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72036.949251                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69884.650216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79708.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 73166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72979.110405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67849.089188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 89446.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77192.969245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72343.553321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70663.127008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 79708.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 73166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72979.110405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67849.089188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 89446.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 77192.969245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72343.553321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70663.127008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66675                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66675                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5140                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3782                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8922                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          424                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63292                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        77006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    379474750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    387080999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1074250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    406686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    393745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1569124749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51534074                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     37985753                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89519827                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6330633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4257919                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10588552                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3457418648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4568436180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8025854828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       805500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    379474750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3844499647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1074250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    406686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4962181180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9594979577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       805500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    379474750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3844499647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1074250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    406686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4962181180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9594979577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6406999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12399719988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2451249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154593049986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167001628222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1006386499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  16503554515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17509941014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6406999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13406106487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2451249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 171096604501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184511569236                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.793822                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.835801                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758084                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.750442                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.098854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        67125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 60666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60320.259100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61034.531536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76732.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64543.088399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63333.601415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62313.837775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10026.084436                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10043.826811                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10033.605358                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10042.261792                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10017.551561                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54626.471718                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59325.717217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57205.767923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        67125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 60666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60320.259100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55210.093446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76732.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64543.088399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59625.117816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57983.064782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        67125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 60666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60320.259100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55210.093446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 76732.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 64543.088399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59625.117816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57983.064782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   136659470                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2706207                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2706206                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            767894                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           767894                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           581263                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           33352                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         18058                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          51410                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           258939                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          258939                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       786305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1073575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        13268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        55413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1190023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4801593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        14394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        72130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               8006701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     25142464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     34843867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        16960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        87488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     38062080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     47776006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        19732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       123572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          146072169                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             146072169                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         4805124                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4892877936                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1772488367                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1516304011                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           9043467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          33687702                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2681029210                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy        3243394678                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           9483701                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy          41522672                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      46328621                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              7278159                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             7278159                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7950                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                14572218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        40178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          271                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2389789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total             51148573                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                51148573                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              4019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               368000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy          6094848000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         16699589511                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6002321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4576737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           295742                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3785758                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                2914394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            76.983104                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 673290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             28745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8907919                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     28331                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5140728                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     5464                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1828                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      958                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   306                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      551                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8936250                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5146192                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14048647                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          33795                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14082442                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4222709                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      5005                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1348                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1494                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4227714                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4222709                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           5005                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4227714                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        69175889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11717201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      32026454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6002321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3587684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7519324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1452827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     60860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              19607589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        47006                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1325879                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          324                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4221110                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               157905                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2000                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          41325646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.001484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.381957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                33813760     81.82%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  565868      1.37%     83.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  817164      1.98%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  676151      1.64%     86.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  772838      1.87%     88.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  560246      1.36%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  669817      1.62%     91.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  351583      0.85%     92.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3098219      7.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            41325646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.086769                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.462971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                12221128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20791110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6824454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               510238                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                978716                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              935346                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                64732                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              40027040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               212951                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                978716                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                12790081                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5972534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      12789547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6714080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2080688                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38920228                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                436221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1152507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents              84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39264921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            175790758                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       175756522                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34236                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30938700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8326220                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            411215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        370279                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5370420                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7651291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5689186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1120456                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1254854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  36835170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             895288                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37251130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            81272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6287660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13163035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        256365                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     41325646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.901405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.514906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26248472     63.52%     63.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5690851     13.77%     77.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3114453      7.54%     84.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2470786      5.98%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2128163      5.15%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             926108      2.24%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             506651      1.23%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             185379      0.45%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              54783      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       41325646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27685      2.59%      2.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   452      0.04%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                842164     78.64%     81.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               200566     18.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52214      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22335497     59.96%     60.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46969      0.13%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  7      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              5      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           704      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            5      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9366005     25.14%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5449722     14.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37251130                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.538499                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1070867                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         117005145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         44025943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34344840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8484                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4662                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3874                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38265319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4464                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          307168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1372814                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2493                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13018                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       537400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2192818                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5781                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                978716                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4319425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               103424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37848942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            83231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7651291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5689186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            571145                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 39872                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                13404                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13018                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        150227                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117595                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              267822                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             36871306                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9223534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           379824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       118484                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14624342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4855002                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5400808                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.533008                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      36677174                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34348714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18316479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35213732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.496542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.520152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6093987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         638923                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           232030                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     40346930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.775643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.740681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28704762     71.14%     71.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5702920     14.13%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1886389      4.68%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       981050      2.43%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       790069      1.96%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       509429      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       395100      0.98%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       219754      0.54%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1157457      2.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     40346930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23686340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              31294803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11430263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6278477                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     229716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4246456                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 27650320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              489514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1157457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    75726854                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   75758265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         367474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       27850243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2138859041                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23605598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31214061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             23605598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.930487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.930487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.341240                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.341240                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               171860544                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               34096305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3262                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     892                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13010065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                451140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           392795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.002835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3796668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           393307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.653192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       6982777250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.002835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3796668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3796668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3796668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3796668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3796668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3796668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       424314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       424314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       424314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        424314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       424314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       424314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5901888496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5901888496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5901888496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5901888496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5901888496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5901888496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4220982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4220982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4220982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4220982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4220982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4220982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13909.247623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13909.247623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13909.247623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13909.247623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13909.247623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13909.247623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3930                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.257732                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        30982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        30982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        30982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       393332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4803860873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4803860873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4803860873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4803860873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4803860873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4803860873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8948750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8948750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8948750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8948750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12213.247010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12213.247010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12213.247010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12213.247010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12213.247010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12213.247010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           276222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.530312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9262144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           276734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.469483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         42960250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   460.530312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.899473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5781621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5781621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3159389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3159389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       139147                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       139147                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137077                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8941010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8941010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8941010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8941010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       391790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       391790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1584826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1584826                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8742                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8742                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1976616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1976616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1976616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1976616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5523901183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5523901183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  77315448541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77315448541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88125732                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88125732                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45924629                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     45924629                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  82839349724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82839349724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  82839349724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82839349724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6173411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6173411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4744215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4744215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       147889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       147889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       144557                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10917626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10917626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10917626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10917626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.334054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059112                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059112                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051744                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051744                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.181048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.181048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14099.137760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14099.137760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48784.818359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48784.818359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10080.728895                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10080.728895                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6139.656283                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6139.656283                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41909.682874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41909.682874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41909.682874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41909.682874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11704                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         6407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              613                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.092985                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    48.908397                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       256512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           256512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       203095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1454344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1454344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          453                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          453                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1657439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1657439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1657439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1657439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       188695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       130482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       130482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8289                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       319177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       319177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       319177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       319177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2406687867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2406687867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5110325446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5110325446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66640768                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66640768                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30961371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30961371                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7517013313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7517013313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7517013313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7517013313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13504611525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13504611525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1131834379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1131834379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14636445904                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14636445904                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056049                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056049                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051744                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051744                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12754.380704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12754.380704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39164.984028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39164.984028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8039.663168                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8039.663168                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4139.220722                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4139.220722                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23551.237442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23551.237442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23551.237442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23551.237442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                8782132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          7168426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           407819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             5819499                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                4955017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            85.145079                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 773793                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             42171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    42691295                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36496                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6824033                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    10597                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2020                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2612                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   305                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      657                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                42727791                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6834630                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         49515328                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          47093                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     49562421                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     7577708                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      5297                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1529                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1545                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 7583005                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          7577708                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           5297                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      7583005                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       408491180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          18854224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      60287918                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    8782132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           5728810                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     13124144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3307681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     62009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              77240238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42673                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1437796                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          160                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  7575877                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               546214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2648                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         113028448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.652235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.978835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                99911588     88.40%     88.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  796149      0.70%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  938672      0.83%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1688468      1.49%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1396344      1.24%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  570472      0.50%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1929580      1.71%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  410359      0.36%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 5386816      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           113028448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.021499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.147587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                20182430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             78186513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 11968696                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               524734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               2166075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1104186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                97997                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              69821372                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               325725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               2166075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                21372370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               33233612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      40763249                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 11209012                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4284130                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              65907040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                18855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                668466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3042854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           69218982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            302521919                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       302462653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59266                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             49058929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                20160053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            444772                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        387840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  7873214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            12591353                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            7935523                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1036537                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1457992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  60681374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1157953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 87712578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            93570                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13421216                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35924412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        277156                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    113028448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.776022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.519284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           83202776     73.61%     73.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            8275815      7.32%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4119768      3.64%     84.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3698740      3.27%     87.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10372542      9.18%     97.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1968067      1.74%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1039899      0.92%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             275618      0.24%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              75223      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      113028448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  32070      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   996      0.01%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7550021     95.87%     96.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               292311      3.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           314062      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36603154     41.73%     42.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               59244      0.07%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  8      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1508      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            43563118     49.67%     91.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7171472      8.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              87712578                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.214723                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7875398                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.089786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         296453915                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         75268930                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53141218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              15550                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              8086                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6819                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              95265602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   8312                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          341261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2835568                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3737                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17004                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1095143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31913350                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       674872                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               2166075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               25455774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               362563                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           61943028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           112233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12591353                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7935523                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            869270                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 64753                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 6199                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         17004                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        201423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       154723                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              356146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             85989556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43061283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1723022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       103701                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    50171461                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6912906                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7110178                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.210505                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      85230378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     53148037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 29710424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 52969976                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.130108                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       13294883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         880797                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           311444                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    110862373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.434393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.404754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     94147475     84.92%     84.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8220753      7.42%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2089215      1.88%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1249683      1.13%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1247924      1.13%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       575753      0.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       991767      0.89%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       529898      0.48%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1809905      1.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    110862373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38066252                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              48157821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      16596165                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9755785                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     190126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5967905                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 42692526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              534650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1809905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   169461098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  125154390                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1414583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      295462732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  1798949280                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   37996613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     48088182                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             37996613                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             10.750726                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       10.750726                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.093017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.093017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               384900722                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               55276259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     5045                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2312                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               18451458                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                405460                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           594712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          480.460982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            6935744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           595224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            11.652326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      74833132000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   480.460982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.938400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      6935744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6935744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      6935744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         6935744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      6935744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        6935744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       640085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       640085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       640085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        640085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       640085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       640085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8700934064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8700934064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8700934064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8700934064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8700934064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8700934064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7575829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7575829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7575829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7575829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7575829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7575829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13593.404101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13593.404101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13593.404101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13593.404101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13593.404101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13593.404101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2623                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        44828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        44828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        44828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       595257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       595257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       595257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       595257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       595257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       595257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7103878279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7103878279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7103878279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7103878279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7103878279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7103878279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3410750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3410750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3410750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3410750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11934.136481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11934.136481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11934.136481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11934.136481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11934.136481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11934.136481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           360690                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          473.926621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           12678192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           361043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            35.115463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      70882645000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   473.926621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.925638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8311339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8311339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4138952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4138952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        97545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        97545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        94900                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94900                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12450291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12450291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12450291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12450291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       397118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       397118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1557827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1557827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        13956                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13956                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10582                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10582                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1954945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1954945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1954945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1954945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6022716747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6022716747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  76093468282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76093468282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    129448993                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    129448993                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     53146420                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     53146420                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  82116185029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82116185029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  82116185029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82116185029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8708457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8708457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5696779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5696779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111501                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       111501                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       105482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14405236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14405236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14405236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14405236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273458                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.273458                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125165                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125165                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100320                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15166.063354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15166.063354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48845.904123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48845.904123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9275.508240                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9275.508240                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5022.341712                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5022.341712                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42004.345406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42004.345406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42004.345406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42004.345406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29557                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        18184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3279                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.014029                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   108.238095                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       324751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           324751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       168850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1396175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1396175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1565025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1565025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1565025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1565025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       228268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       161652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       161652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12509                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12509                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10578                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10578                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       389920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       389920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2830993566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2830993566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6516328872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6516328872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88639506                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88639506                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     31988580                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31988580                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9347322438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9347322438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9347322438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9347322438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168914513007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168914513007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25825904490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25825904490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 194740417497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 194740417497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112187                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112187                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100283                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100283                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12402.060587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12402.060587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40310.845965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40310.845965                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7086.058518                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7086.058518                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3024.066931                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3024.066931                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23972.410848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23972.410848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23972.410848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23972.410848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 582931892511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 582931892511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 582931892511                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 582931892511                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   41731                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   48858                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
