
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.548576                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2548576209000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2548576209000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  60580                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77951                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2559708219                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 399668                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   995.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60316464                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77611603                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           483776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5166800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           315264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          3924504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131003560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       483776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       315264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          799040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3783488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1522020                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1494080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6799588                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             80765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             61326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           380505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           373520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47520858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              189822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2027328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              123702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1539881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51402646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         189822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         123702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             313524                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1484550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             597204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             586241                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2667995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1484550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47520858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             189822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2624532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             123702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2126122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54070641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293434                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813142                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.physmem.readBursts                    15293434                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.physmem.writeBursts                     813142                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.physmem.bytesRead                    978779776                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52041088                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              131003560                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6799588                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4677                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                955864                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                955534                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                955684                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                955879                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                955769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                955991                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                955868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                955778                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                956236                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                955947                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               955508                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               955111                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               956226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               955972                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               956075                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               955979                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  6690                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  6478                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  6630                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  6656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  6589                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  6842                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  6835                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  6779                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7114                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  6901                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 6563                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6214                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 7157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 6772                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 7070                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 6922                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2548575024500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      42                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154576                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754025                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59117                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1061686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    987876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    978214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3738072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2813374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2806969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2769477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     15679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     15363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     29321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    43265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    29260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     1193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     1171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        39284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    25091.701456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    2070.748672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   31471.829892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-79           6644     16.91%     16.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-143         3436      8.75%     25.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-207         2300      5.85%     31.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-271         1832      4.66%     36.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-335         1227      3.12%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-399         1105      2.81%     42.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-463          800      2.04%     44.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-527          812      2.07%     46.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-591          554      1.41%     47.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-655          516      1.31%     48.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-719          427      1.09%     50.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-783          432      1.10%     51.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-847          277      0.71%     51.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-911          299      0.76%     52.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-975          172      0.44%     53.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1039          211      0.54%     53.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1103          136      0.35%     53.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1167          132      0.34%     54.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1231          101      0.26%     54.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1295          106      0.27%     54.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1359           70      0.18%     54.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1423          391      1.00%     55.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1487          264      0.67%     56.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1551          450      1.15%     57.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1615           85      0.22%     57.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1679          167      0.43%     58.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1743           56      0.14%     58.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1807           95      0.24%     58.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1871           44      0.11%     58.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1935           79      0.20%     59.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1999           30      0.08%     59.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2063           69      0.18%     59.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2127           18      0.05%     59.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2191           44      0.11%     59.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2255           15      0.04%     59.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2319           32      0.08%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2383           17      0.04%     59.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2447           19      0.05%     59.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2511            8      0.02%     59.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2575           26      0.07%     59.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2639            6      0.02%     59.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2703           18      0.05%     59.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2767           15      0.04%     59.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2831           16      0.04%     59.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2895            7      0.02%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2959           13      0.03%     60.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3023            4      0.01%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3087           18      0.05%     60.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3151            6      0.02%     60.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3215            6      0.02%     60.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3279            6      0.02%     60.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3343           11      0.03%     60.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3407            5      0.01%     60.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3471            8      0.02%     60.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3535            5      0.01%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3599            6      0.02%     60.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3663            4      0.01%     60.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3727           10      0.03%     60.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3791            5      0.01%     60.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3855            3      0.01%     60.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3919            1      0.00%     60.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3983           13      0.03%     60.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4047            4      0.01%     60.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4111           32      0.08%     60.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4175            5      0.01%     60.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4239            4      0.01%     60.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4303            3      0.01%     60.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4367            6      0.02%     60.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4431            4      0.01%     60.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4495            5      0.01%     60.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4559            4      0.01%     60.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4623            6      0.02%     60.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4687            3      0.01%     60.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4751            4      0.01%     60.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4879            4      0.01%     60.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4943            2      0.01%     60.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5007            7      0.02%     60.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5135            8      0.02%     60.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5199            2      0.01%     60.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5263            2      0.01%     60.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5327            1      0.00%     60.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5391            3      0.01%     60.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5455            3      0.01%     60.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5519            4      0.01%     60.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5583            1      0.00%     60.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5647            2      0.01%     60.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5711            1      0.00%     60.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5775            2      0.01%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5903            2      0.01%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6095            1      0.00%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6159            6      0.02%     60.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6223            3      0.01%     60.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6287            2      0.01%     60.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6351            1      0.00%     60.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6415            3      0.01%     60.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6479            2      0.01%     60.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6543            3      0.01%     60.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6607            1      0.00%     60.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6735            1      0.00%     60.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6799           20      0.05%     60.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6863            3      0.01%     60.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7055            3      0.01%     60.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7119            2      0.01%     60.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7311            3      0.01%     60.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7375            2      0.01%     60.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7439            4      0.01%     60.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7567            9      0.02%     60.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7631            1      0.00%     60.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7695            7      0.02%     60.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7823            3      0.01%     60.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7887            4      0.01%     60.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7951            2      0.01%     60.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8079           11      0.03%     60.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8143            1      0.00%     60.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8207          311      0.79%     61.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8463           63      0.16%     61.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8527          194      0.49%     62.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8591           13      0.03%     62.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8783            3      0.01%     62.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8847            2      0.01%     62.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20495            1      0.00%     62.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23680-23695            1      0.00%     62.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25615            2      0.01%     62.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28352-28367            1      0.00%     62.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28431            1      0.00%     62.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32192-32207            1      0.00%     62.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33344-33359            1      0.00%     62.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33664-33679            2      0.01%     62.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33807            2      0.01%     62.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34575            1      0.00%     62.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37184-37199            1      0.00%     62.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39488-39503            1      0.00%     62.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45071            1      0.00%     62.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::58112-58127            1      0.00%     62.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64768-64783            1      0.00%     62.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65551        14685     37.38%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::68736-68751            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::73920-73935            9      0.02%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::73984-73999           43      0.11%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::74048-74063           33      0.08%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::74112-74127            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          39284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   294283871250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              386089225000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76467105000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 15338248750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19242.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1002.93                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25245.45                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         384.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          20.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  51.40                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.08                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15268174                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     94166                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  11.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158231.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     55011549                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16346066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16346069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             59117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4272507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34550139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16692620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19090597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           140201125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              140201125                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1475672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17572541000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4757385335                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        34173123993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    64349                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51432.213982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1904557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   129741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    14.679685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2511462555500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36971.376669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    19.336615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4863.234399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3340.353025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     8.819885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3340.869034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2888.223986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.564138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.074207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.050970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.050978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.044071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.784793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        31056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             489944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             180708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        32283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             480968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             206794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1435577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          608201                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               608201                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  40                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            56719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            56246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112965                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         31056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          6811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              489944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              237427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         32283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          7013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              480968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              263040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1548542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        31056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         6811                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             489944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             237427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        32283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         7013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             480968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             263040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1548542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             4932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1598                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2911                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          75216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          57962                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133178                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             81543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              4932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             62336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            81543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             4932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            62336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2773750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    535863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    458241999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1150250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    375877250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    330560248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1704596747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       185492                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       279988                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       465480                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5248575225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3913924011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9162499236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2773750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    535863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5706817224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1150250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    375877250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4244484259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10867095983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2773750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       130250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    535863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5706817224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1150250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    375877250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4244484259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10867095983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        31085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         497394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         187035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        32294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         485900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         211168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1458702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       608201                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           608201                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1331                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1620                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2951                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       131935                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       114208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        31085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          497394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          318970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        32294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          485900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          325376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1704845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        31085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         6813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         497394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         318970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        32294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         7013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         485900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         325376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1704845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.033828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.020713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986476                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.986420                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.986445                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.507513                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.541059                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.255645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.191581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.255645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.191581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 95646.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71927.919463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72426.426268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 104568.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76211.932279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75573.902149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73712.291762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   141.273420                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   175.211514                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   159.903813                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69780.036495                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67525.689434                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68798.894983                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 95646.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71927.919463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69985.372429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 104568.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76211.932279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68090.417399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69525.831129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 95646.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        65125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71927.919463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69985.372429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 104568.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76211.932279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68090.417399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69525.831129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59117                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59117                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1313                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1598                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        57962                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        81504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        81504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2403250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    440932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    376527749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1009250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    313110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    273532998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1407620997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13131313                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15986098                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29117411                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4295181775                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3176975989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7472157764                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2403250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    440932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4671709524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1009250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    313110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3450508987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8879778761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2403250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       105750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    440932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4671709524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1009250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    313110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3450508987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8879778761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6023999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  84465244500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  82459599500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166930867999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8917288738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8449538500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17366827238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6023999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  93382533238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90909138000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184297695237                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986476                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.986420                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986445                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.507513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.191498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.191498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 82870.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59233.207953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59880.367207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        91750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63562.728380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62924.545204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61076.105220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10003.816020                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10002.545861                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57104.629002                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54811.358977                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56106.547358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 82870.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59233.207953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57318.776060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        91750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63562.728380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55377.377056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56839.678419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 82870.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        52875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59233.207953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57318.776060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        91750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 63562.728380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55377.377056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56839.678419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58475740                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2676749                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2676751                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           608201                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2951                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            10                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2961                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           246143                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          246143                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1967991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5797697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        37845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       149237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7952770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     62938176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     85577189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        55304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       253516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          148824185                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             148824185                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          205696                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4963674463                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4434137240                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4494378467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          24064152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          86310594                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48458766                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322134                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322134                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32660588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            123500857                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               123500857                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3974000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374796000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         41501700007                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7055231                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5603867                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           360036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4627391                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                3766189                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.389038                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 696378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             37374                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    25604020                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     37101                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6019786                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    10089                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         257                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                658                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     29                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5563                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1360                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   245                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      609                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                25641121                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6029875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         31623806                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          47190                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     31670996                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     5711817                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      6786                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         257                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                658                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     29                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2595                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1280                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 5718603                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          5711817                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           6786                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      5718603                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       240384739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15036708                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      44324460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7055231                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4462567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      9979880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2348952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     79920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              48371030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        40136                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1395788                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          332                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5710035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               358939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3057                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          76524952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.728839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.080650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                66552751     86.97%     86.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  648002      0.85%     87.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  843291      1.10%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1146450      1.50%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1051496      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  533927      0.70%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1248962      1.63%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  369566      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4130507      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            76524952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.029350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.184390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                15988793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             49427885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9067900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               506950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1531254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              959604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                89006                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              53104636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               296594                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1531254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                16866391                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20063365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      26274348                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8616750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3170765                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              50610961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                529520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2115247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             208                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           52034450                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            231667374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       231623806                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            43568                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             38251156                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                13783293                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            411980                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        362796                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6588533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9723453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6830710                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1010499                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1245426                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  47056287                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             968125                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 61041577                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            84130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9522170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23883479                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        244384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     76524952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.797669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.517362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           54759555     71.56%     71.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6733047      8.80%     80.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3420180      4.47%     84.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2920085      3.82%     88.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6164290      8.06%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1467950      1.92%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             772657      1.01%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             222441      0.29%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              64747      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       76524952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27542      0.62%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4220431     94.60%     95.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               213140      4.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           171568      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28242983     46.27%     46.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               47431      0.08%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  9      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              4      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1218      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            4      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     46.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26256845     43.01%     89.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6321515     10.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              61041577                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.253933                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4461113                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.073083                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         203189112                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         57554843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     42164489                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11244                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              5997                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4944                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              65325122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6000                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          306679                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2052481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3874                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14810                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       826086                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17207144                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       348104                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1531254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15306015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               241273                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48127004                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           101529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9723453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6830710                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            683062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 53931                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                11240                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         14810                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        174193                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137584                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              311777                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             60001377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             25939220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1040200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       102592                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    32204815                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5606114                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   6265595                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.249606                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      59520960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     42169433                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 22855569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 42162980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.175425                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.542077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9402485                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         723741                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           272429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     74993698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.487877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     61390308     81.86%     81.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6607868      8.81%     90.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1921399      2.56%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1064491      1.42%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       990154      1.32%     95.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       565334      0.75%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       721378      0.96%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       343964      0.46%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1388802      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     74993698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            29384265                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              38277857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13675596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7670972                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     201047                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4859392                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      4891                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33962414                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              491145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1388802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   120378043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   96934970                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         903993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      163859787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2252055071                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29315772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38209364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             29315772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.199843                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.199843                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.121954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.121954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               271685631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               42795201                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22306                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19768                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               15093810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                401151                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           983925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.538497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           10508756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           984437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.674889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       6941856250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   321.486243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   190.052254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.627903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.371196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5171009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5337747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10508756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5171009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5337747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10508756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5171009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5337747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10508756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       538904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       526390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1065294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       538904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       526390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1065294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       538904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       526390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1065294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7446919215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7105468986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14552388201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7446919215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7105468986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14552388201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7446919215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7105468986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14552388201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5709913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5864137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11574050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5709913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5864137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11574050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5709913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5864137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11574050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.094380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.089764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13818.637856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13498.487787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13660.443221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13818.637856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13498.487787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13660.443221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13818.637856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13498.487787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13660.443221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6869                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1025                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              398                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.258794                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1025                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        40970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        40970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        40970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        39858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       497934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       486532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       984466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       497934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       486532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       984466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       497934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       486532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       984466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6047465345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5786819388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11834284733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6047465345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5786819388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11834284733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6047465345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5786819388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11834284733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8439000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8439000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.087205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.082967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12145.114302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11894.015991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12021.019246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12145.114302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11894.015991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12021.019246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12145.114302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11894.015991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12021.019246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           643834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           21533253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           644346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.418773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         42568250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   254.929916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   257.063436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.497910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.502077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6778619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6998983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13777602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3655456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3606248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7261704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       113306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       129840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243146                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       115957                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       131727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10434075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10605231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21039306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10434075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10605231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21039306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       328027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       420957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       748984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1610503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1351638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2962141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7363                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6159                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13522                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1938530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1772595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3711125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1938530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1772595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3711125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5252707334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6136741422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11389448756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  82511290457                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  60760612895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 143271903352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    104363999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     83076247                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    187440246                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       129002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       155002                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87763997791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  66897354317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 154661352108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87763997791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  66897354317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 154661352108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7106646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7419940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14526586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5265959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4957886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       120669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135999                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       115959                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       131735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12372605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12377826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24750431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12372605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12377826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24750431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.056733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.272624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.061018                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045287                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052683                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.156679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.156679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.143207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16013.033482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14578.071922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15206.531456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51233.242321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44953.318044                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48367.685182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14174.113676                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13488.593440                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13861.872948                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16125.250000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15500.200000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45273.479281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37739.785070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41675.058670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45273.479281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37739.785070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41675.058670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36870                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        26211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3510                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            295                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.504274                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    88.850847                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       608201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           608201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       147533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       215292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       362825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1477292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1235866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2713158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          767                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          600                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1367                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1624825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1451158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3075983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1624825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1451158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3075983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       180494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       205665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       386159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       133211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       115772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       248983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6596                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5559                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12155                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       313705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       635142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       313705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       321437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       635142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2529137468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2700943395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5230080863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6074560248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4703819078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10778379326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82036251                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     64895003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146931254                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       112998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       134998                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8603697716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7404762473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16008460189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8603697716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7404762473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16008460189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92246094501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90072157750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182318252251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13667158074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13097409574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26764567648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 105913252575                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103169567324                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209082819899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025297                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023351                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054662                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047357                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14012.307711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13132.732332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13543.853343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45601.040815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40630.023477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43289.619476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12437.272741                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11673.862745                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12088.132785                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14124.750000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13499.800000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27426.077735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23036.434738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25204.537236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27426.077735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23036.434738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25204.537236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                7417918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          5931932                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           364646                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4881678                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                3917644                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            80.251995                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 703527                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             35801                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25617777                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     38543                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5691491                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     8859                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                781                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     34                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5585                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2011                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   285                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      659                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25656320                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5700350                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         31309268                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          47402                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     31356670                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5866342                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      7403                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                781                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     34                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2681                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1687                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5873745                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5866342                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           7403                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5873745                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       234836749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14958684                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      46343438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7417918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4621171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     10240931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2382000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     84846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              47705916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        51796                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1300956                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          156                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5864138                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               361139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3128                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          75991069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.753206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.110012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                65758157     86.53%     86.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  661623      0.87%     87.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  874095      1.15%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1155735      1.52%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1058337      1.39%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  579833      0.76%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1309635      1.72%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  379645      0.50%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4214009      5.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            75991069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.031588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.197343                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                15934805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             48666188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  9324612                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               504366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1558997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1010894                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                88249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              54549781                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               295589                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1558997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                16808618                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               19027959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      26571393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8885070                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3136997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              52018175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                13230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                586421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2033878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             525                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           54353089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            236755846                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       236708688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            47158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             40151278                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                14201811                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            419760                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        374760                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6443032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            10070258                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6501681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           951169                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1220754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  48367033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1016747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62006899                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            95474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9693963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24244292                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        257471                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     75991069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.815976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.521890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           53638566     70.59%     70.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            7003056      9.22%     79.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3617950      4.76%     84.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3068918      4.04%     88.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6184871      8.14%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1401826      1.84%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             782382      1.03%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             229717      0.30%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              63783      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       75991069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  31911      0.73%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     5      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4158175     94.76%     95.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               198234      4.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           192098      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29460264     47.51%     47.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               45939      0.07%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 12      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              9      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           896      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            9      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26296905     42.41%     90.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6010767      9.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              62006899                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.264043                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4388325                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.070772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         204523942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         59086561                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43409940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11938                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6483                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5383                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              66196788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6338                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          319760                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2083716                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3064                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15874                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       772589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     16902604                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       332952                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1558997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14375191                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               227377                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           49504406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            98291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10070258                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6501681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            727587                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 51733                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 9370                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15874                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        179251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141654                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              320905                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             60955471                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             25970384                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1051428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       120626                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    31928214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5888736                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   5957830                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.259565                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      60476945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     43415323                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 24094324                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 44023151                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.184874                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.547310                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9567264                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         759276                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           277731                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     74432072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.515537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     60336914     81.06%     81.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6930423      9.31%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1972494      2.65%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1094851      1.47%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1021489      1.37%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       524731      0.70%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707921      0.95%     97.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       378966      0.51%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1464283      1.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     74432072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            31082580                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              39484127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13715634                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      7986542                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     202747                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5103464                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      5321                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 34903456                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              500366                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1464283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   121076761                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   99705340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         873554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      158845680                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2319747272                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   31000692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     39402239                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             31000692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              7.575210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        7.575210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.132010                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.132010                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               276194442                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               44861664                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    22699                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   19852                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               15196533                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                431717                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1441896554007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1441896554007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1441896554007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1441896554007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83067                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
