
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.630640                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2630640106500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2630640106500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 544255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   692557                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            23778611565                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 394548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   110.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60211209                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76617916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    124256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           310496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4767440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           393856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4293936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            134022176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       310496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       393856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3690624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1534960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1481192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6706776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15532032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             11054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             74525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             67119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15690887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           383740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           370298                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47234229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            49                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              118031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1812274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              149719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1632278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50946603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         118031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         149719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             267749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1402938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             583493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             563054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2549484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1402938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47234229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           49                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             118031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2395767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             149719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2195332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53496087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15690887                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811704                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.physmem.readBursts                    15690887                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.physmem.writeBursts                     811704                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.physmem.bytesRead                   1004216768                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  51949056                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              134022176                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6706776                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4522                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                980391                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                980205                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                980224                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                980428                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                986950                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                980709                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                980611                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                980420                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                980615                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                980431                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               979815                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               979555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               980154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               980076                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               980165                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               980109                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  6740                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  6615                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  6627                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  6678                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  6754                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  7054                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  7042                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  6898                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  7014                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  6836                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 6333                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 6140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 6629                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 6411                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 6640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 6624                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2630635687000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6680                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15532032                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152175                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754038                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57666                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1132703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    975077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1005041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3836885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2878586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2878042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2847020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     15834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     15309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     29667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    44009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    29620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      4772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      4755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        37970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    26627.977877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    2487.931344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   31806.056461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-127          5445     14.34%     14.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-191         3318      8.74%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-255         2184      5.75%     28.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-319         1677      4.42%     33.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-383         1130      2.98%     36.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-447         1067      2.81%     39.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-511          805      2.12%     41.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-575          712      1.88%     43.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-639          588      1.55%     44.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-703          469      1.24%     45.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-767          450      1.19%     47.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-831          409      1.08%     48.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-895          266      0.70%     48.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-959          255      0.67%     49.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-1023          222      0.58%     50.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1087          208      0.55%     50.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1151          140      0.37%     50.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1215          130      0.34%     51.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1279           95      0.25%     51.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1343          109      0.29%     51.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1407           83      0.22%     52.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1471          158      0.42%     52.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1535          757      1.99%     54.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1599          208      0.55%     55.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1663          141      0.37%     55.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1727          116      0.31%     55.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1791           79      0.21%     55.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1855           86      0.23%     56.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1919           52      0.14%     56.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1983           50      0.13%     56.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-2047           43      0.11%     56.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2111           55      0.14%     56.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2175           50      0.13%     56.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2239           19      0.05%     56.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2303           25      0.07%     56.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2367           19      0.05%     56.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2431           17      0.04%     56.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2495           20      0.05%     57.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2559           17      0.04%     57.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2623           13      0.03%     57.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2687           10      0.03%     57.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2751           12      0.03%     57.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2815           10      0.03%     57.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2879            7      0.02%     57.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2943           10      0.03%     57.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-3007            4      0.01%     57.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3071            9      0.02%     57.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3135           14      0.04%     57.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3199            6      0.02%     57.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3263            9      0.02%     57.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3327           11      0.03%     57.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3391            5      0.01%     57.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3455            7      0.02%     57.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3519            7      0.02%     57.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3583            8      0.02%     57.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3647           10      0.03%     57.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3711           12      0.03%     57.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3775           14      0.04%     57.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3839            7      0.02%     57.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3903            5      0.01%     57.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3967            7      0.02%     57.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-4031            6      0.02%     57.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4095            5      0.01%     57.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4159           35      0.09%     57.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4223            3      0.01%     57.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4287            2      0.01%     57.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4351            2      0.01%     57.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4415            8      0.02%     57.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4479            5      0.01%     57.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4543            2      0.01%     57.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4607            2      0.01%     57.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4671            7      0.02%     57.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4735            2      0.01%     57.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4799            1      0.00%     57.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4863            3      0.01%     57.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4927            2      0.01%     57.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4991            2      0.01%     57.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-5055            2      0.01%     57.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5183            8      0.02%     57.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5311            5      0.01%     57.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5375            3      0.01%     57.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5439            1      0.00%     57.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5503            5      0.01%     57.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5567            1      0.00%     57.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5631            1      0.00%     57.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5695            4      0.01%     57.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5951            3      0.01%     57.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6079            1      0.00%     57.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6143            2      0.01%     57.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6207            8      0.02%     57.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6271            4      0.01%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6335            3      0.01%     57.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6399            2      0.01%     57.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6527            2      0.01%     57.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6591            2      0.01%     57.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6719            2      0.01%     57.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6783            2      0.01%     57.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6847           17      0.04%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6911            1      0.00%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7103            3      0.01%     58.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7167            1      0.00%     58.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7231            3      0.01%     58.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7295            5      0.01%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7423            1      0.00%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7487            3      0.01%     58.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7551            2      0.01%     58.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7615            5      0.01%     58.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7679            6      0.02%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7743            7      0.02%     58.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7807            5      0.01%     58.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7871            4      0.01%     58.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7935            5      0.01%     58.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7999            2      0.01%     58.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8063            1      0.00%     58.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8127            9      0.02%     58.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8191            3      0.01%     58.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8255          309      0.81%     59.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8511           22      0.06%     59.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8575          151      0.40%     59.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8639          180      0.47%     59.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8703            3      0.01%     59.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8767            1      0.00%     59.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8831            1      0.00%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8895            2      0.01%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-9023            1      0.00%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9279            1      0.00%     59.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11327            1      0.00%     59.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12863            1      0.00%     59.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14143            1      0.00%     59.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14399            1      0.00%     59.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15423            2      0.01%     59.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16191            1      0.00%     59.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16447            2      0.01%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17215            1      0.00%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18239            1      0.00%     60.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19519            1      0.00%     60.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-21055            1      0.00%     60.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23359            1      0.00%     60.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23615            1      0.00%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27199            1      0.00%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27711            1      0.00%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27967            1      0.00%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29759            3      0.01%     60.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-30015            1      0.00%     60.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30527            1      0.00%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30783            1      0.00%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-31039            1      0.00%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31551            1      0.00%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31807            1      0.00%     60.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32575            1      0.00%     60.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33087            7      0.02%     60.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33343           12      0.03%     60.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33855            1      0.00%     60.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47423            1      0.00%     60.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49215            1      0.00%     60.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50176-50239            1      0.00%     60.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51200-51263            1      0.00%     60.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::55872-55935            1      0.00%     60.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::65536-65599        15142     39.88%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::67392-67455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::420352-420415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          37970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   300039544000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              394721941500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  78454290000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 16228107500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19121.93                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1034.24                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25156.17                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         381.74                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          19.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  50.95                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.55                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.15                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.25                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15666199                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93719                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  11.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159407.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54407704                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16743613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16743613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             57666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1892496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4279356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               35343420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16472696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     18870833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           143127089                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              143127089                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1209125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3743000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         18109707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4946568726                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        35058992750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    62061                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51615.718916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1699022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   127446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.331309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2575798778500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   38215.031353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2892.274749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3021.606158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     4129.656737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3357.149045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.583115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.044133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.046106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.063014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.051226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.787593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             436599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             185177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             407829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             185133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1241869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          596358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               596358                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            59730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            54783                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               114513                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          9999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              436599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              244907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          9919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          3623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              407829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              239916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         9999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             436599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             244907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         9919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         3623                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             407829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             239916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             4438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             5378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                20825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1446                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1435                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2881                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          69963                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          63028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             132991                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              4438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             75341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             67880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                153816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             4438                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            75341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            67880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               153816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    307218750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    368704500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    431930250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    347894250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1455959500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       232490                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       232990                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       465480                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4479114898                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4038724211                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8517839109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    307218750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4847819398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    431930250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4386618461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      9973798609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       122500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    307218750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4847819398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    431930250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4386618461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     9973798609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         441037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         190555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         413983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         189985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1262694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           596358                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1464                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2907                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       129693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       117811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247504                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          441037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          320248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          413983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          307796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1510198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         9999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         441037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         320248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         9920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         3623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         413983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         307796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1510198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.010063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.028223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.025539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987705                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.994456                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991056                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.534992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.537329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.010063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.235258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.220536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.101852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.010063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.235258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.220536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.101852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69224.594412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68557.921160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70186.910952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71701.205688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69914.021609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   160.781466                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   162.362369                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   161.568900                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64021.195460                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64078.254284                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64048.237166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69224.594412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64345.036541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70186.910952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64623.135843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64842.400069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        61250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69224.594412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64345.036541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        89250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70186.910952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64623.135843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64842.400069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               57666                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    57666                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1446                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1435                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2881                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        132991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        67880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           153816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        75341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        67880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          153816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    251180750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    300683500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    354229750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    286200750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192468500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14461446                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14352435                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28813881                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3602203602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3248593789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6850797391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    251180750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3902887102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    354229750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3534794539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8043265891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        97500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    251180750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3902887102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    354229750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3534794539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8043265891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    322980250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  84062460250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  82598359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166983799500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8379652001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8320086501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16699738502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    322980250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92442112251                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90918445501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183683538002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.987705                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.994456                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991056                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.539451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.534992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.220536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.101852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.010063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.220536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56597.735466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55909.910747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57560.895353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58986.139736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57261.392557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10001.696864                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.347102                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51487.266155                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51542.073190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51513.240678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56597.735466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51802.963884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57560.895353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52074.168223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52291.477421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        48750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56597.735466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51802.963884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57560.895353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52074.168223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52291.477421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52764048                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2471787                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2471787                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           596358                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2907                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           247504                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          247504                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1724904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5753314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        20307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        50676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7549201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     54747764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     83776253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        28860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        79676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          138632553                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             138632553                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          170668                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4808102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3865742750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4428115774                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          13092500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          30757250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48142902                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16715359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16715359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8167                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8167                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     31064064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                33447052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    124256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            126646649                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               126646649                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3977000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15532032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         42581193250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7542817                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7082                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5717425                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1778                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                        1248                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                734                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    6542                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   149                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      226                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7549899                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5719203                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         13260242                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8860                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     13269102                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    30610477                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3712                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                        1248                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                734                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2775                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                30614189                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         30610477                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3712                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     30614189                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2629428479                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30009354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38372334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34511671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5157                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1080838                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3989390                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34511671                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5157                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          198034256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36980567                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3554                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1606                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13842126                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7871888                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5970238                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2283161569.446249                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              346266909.553751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.131689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.868311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83028                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           856130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.884273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           60648659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           856642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.798139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      19947189250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   210.188035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   300.696238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.410524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.587297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     30168630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     30480029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       60648659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     30168630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     30480029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        60648659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     30168630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     30480029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       60648659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       441847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       414795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       856642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       441847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       414795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        856642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       441847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       414795                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       856642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6019417250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5775014750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11794432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6019417250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5775014750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11794432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6019417250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5775014750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11794432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30610477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     30894824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61505301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30610477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     30894824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     61505301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30610477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     30894824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     61505301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13623.306823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13922.575610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13768.215894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13623.306823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13922.575610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13768.215894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13623.306823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13922.575610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13768.215894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       441847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       414795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       441847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       414795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       441847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       414795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5133544750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4942408250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10075953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5133544750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4942408250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10075953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5133544750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4942408250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10075953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    414413750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    414413750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    414413750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    414413750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11618.376384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11915.303343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11762.151517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11618.376384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11915.303343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11762.151517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11618.376384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11915.303343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11762.151517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           627532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.881676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23660522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           628044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.673351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        640880250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   182.734555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   329.147121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.356903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.642865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6634061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6564802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13198863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5075609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4899184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9974793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       120623                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       115578                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       126785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       120973                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11709670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11463986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        23173656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11709670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11463986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       23173656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       184394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       184588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       368982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       131157                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       119254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5397                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11558                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       315551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       303842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        619393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       315551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       303842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       619393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2725468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2705402500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5430871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5537493548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5008087224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10545580772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82157000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     77679750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    159836750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8262962048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7713489724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15976451772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8262962048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7713489724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15976451772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6818455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      6749390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13567845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5206766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5018438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10225204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       120975                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       120973                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12025221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     11767828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23793049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12025221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     11767828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23793049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025190                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048594                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044613                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14780.678872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14656.437580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14718.525565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42220.343161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41995.129924                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42113.089169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13335.010550                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14393.135075                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13829.101056                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26185.821145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25386.515768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25793.723487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26185.821145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25386.515768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25793.723487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           596358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       184588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       368982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       119254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6161                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5397                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11558                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       315551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       303842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       315551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       303842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2354074500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2333925500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4688000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5241357452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4739135776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9980493228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69822000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66822250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136644250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7595431952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7073061276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14668493228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7595431952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7073061276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14668493228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  91831657250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90223318750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182054976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13223525999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13011841499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26235367498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 105055183249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103235160249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208290343498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025190                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048594                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044613                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046650                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12766.546092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12643.971981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12705.226813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39962.468278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39739.847519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39856.448910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11332.900503                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12381.369279                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11822.482263                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24070.378329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23278.747757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23682.045532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24070.378329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23278.747757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23682.045532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     7456887                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      7096                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5515190                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1853                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                        1247                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                705                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    6662                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   137                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      226                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 7463983                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5517043                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         12972077                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           8949                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     12981026                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    30894824                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      3669                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                        1247                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                705                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2813                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                30898493                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         30894824                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           3669                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     30898493                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2631851734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   30201855                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     38245582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             34372038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5112                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1059508                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3959978                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    34372038                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5112                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          196814123                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          37215593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3939                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1174                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13557754                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7792008                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   5765746                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2293589601.195636                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              338262132.804364                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.128526                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.871474                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1478384126250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1478384126250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1478384126250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1478384126250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
